fix: sd input a11y issues (#1934)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/popular-boats-build.md

---
'@solid-design-system/components': patch
---

> Improved `sd-input` accessibility.

Reviewer: Actually we have a new feature now. Please adapt.

Author: Updated

> Improved `sd-input type="search"` and accessibility.
> 
> - Make the search button interactive.
> - Trigger `sd-search` event when search button on `sd-input type="search"` is clicked.
> - Add a translatable label to the search icon for the `sd-input type="search"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added new functionality to the `sd-input` for type="search" and improved the component accessibility.

- Search icon button is interactive.
- Trigger `sd-search` event when search button on `sd-input type="search"` is clicked.
- Added a translatable label to the search icon for the `sd-input type="search"`.
```
